doc/releases: add release notes for mimic v13.2.8 (#32040)
ceph/ceph: doc/releases/mimic.rst

v13.2.8 Mimic
=============

> This is the fourth release in the Ceph Nautilus stable release series. Its sole

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the eighth release in the Ceph Mimic stable release series. Its sole
```

purpose is to fix a regression that found its way into the previous release.

Notable Changes
---------------

* Due to a missed backport, clusters in the process of being upgraded from
  13.2.6 to 13.2.7 might suffer an OSD crash in build_incremental_map_msg.
  This regression was reported in https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/43106

>   and is fixed in 13.2.8 (this release).

Reviewer: You could add a note for users to directly upgrade to 13.2.8 from 13.2.6 to avoid this.
